README.md, before:

# #ASKmod Mechanical-Tool-Set

The mechanical tool set has all the basic tools to repair the mechanics of a device. You can not only repair with it, but you can also build something with it. There are various tools such as screwdrivers, ratchets, pliers or open-end wrenches included. You can use the set for the following scenarios, for example:

- Repair bicycles


![#ASKmod Mechanical Tool Set](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/main/images/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set.jpg)

[View product in #ASKotec Stockroom](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/askmod-mechanical-tool-set/)

## Content

This ASKmod is based on a [Black & Decker tool roll](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/blackdecker-tool-set/) with the following modifications:

We added a [garden wire](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/garden-wire/) to the set and the pocket where the attachments for the ratchet we made a little smaller with a stapler so that the attachments do not fly around. Here you will find [detailed instructions](https://github.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/blob/main/manual.md).

| Black and Decker Roll | Garden wire |
| --------------------- | ----------- |
| ![Black and Decker Roll](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/main/images/black-and-decker-roll.jpg) | ![Garden Wire](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/main/images/garden-wire.jpg) |
| [#ASKotec Stockroom](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/blackdecker-tool-set/) | [#ASKotec Stockroom](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/garden-wire/) |

### Content of the Black and Decker Roll

- Open-end wrench in the following sizes:
    - 19
    - 17
    - 15
    - 13 (2x)
    - 10 (2x)
    - 8
- Ratchet with the following attachments:
    - 6 mm
    - 8 mm
    - 10 mm
    - 13 mm
    - 15 mm
    - 17 mm
    - 19 mm
- Ratchet screwdriver with the following attachments:
    - Cross screwdriver in 14 different sizes
    - Slotted screwdriver in 8 different sizes
    - Torx attachments in 6 different sizes
- Pliers
- Needle nose pliers
- Flashlight
- Spare batteries
- Allen wrench
- Pointing stick

### Content of the garden wire
- Metal garden wire with 0.5 mm diameter and 40 m length

## Developers

Feel free to develop this ASKmod further, modify it or create your own ASKmod.
If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to [write us an issue](https://github.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/issues/new).

## Release Notes

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

added some information e.g. Contributers, License, official Website

README.md, after:

# #ASKmod Mechanical-Tool-Set

#ASKmod is a part of the #ASKotec project: [Official Website](https://askotec.openculture.agency)

The mechanical tool set has all the basic tools to repair the mechanics of a device. You can not only repair with it, but you can also build something with it. There are various tools such as screwdrivers, ratchets, pliers or open-end wrenches included. You can use the set for the following scenarios, for example:

- Repair bicycles
- Repair cars
- Other medium and large machines

![#ASKmod Mechanical Tool Set](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/main/images/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set.jpg)

### [View product in #ASKotec Stockroom](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/askmod-mechanical-tool-set/)

## How to build

This ASKmod is based on a [Black & Decker tool roll](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/blackdecker-tool-set/) with the following modifications:

We added a [garden wire](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/garden-wire/) to the set and the pocket where the attachments for the ratchet we made a little smaller with a stapler so that the attachments do not fly around. Here you will find [detailed instructions](https://github.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/blob/main/manual.md).

| Black and Decker Roll | Garden wire |
| --------------------- | ----------- |
| ![Black and Decker Roll](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/main/images/black-and-decker-roll.jpg) | ![Garden Wire](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/main/images/garden-wire.jpg) |
| [#ASKotec Stockroom](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/blackdecker-tool-set/) | [#ASKotec Stockroom](https://askotec.openculture.agency/product/garden-wire/) |

### Content of the Black and Decker Roll

- Open-end wrench in the following sizes:
    - 19
    - 17
    - 15
    - 13 (2x)
    - 10 (2x)
    - 8
- Ratchet with the following attachments:
    - 6 mm
    - 8 mm
    - 10 mm
    - 13 mm
    - 15 mm
    - 17 mm
    - 19 mm
- Ratchet screwdriver with the following attachments:
    - Cross screwdriver in 14 different sizes
    - Slotted screwdriver in 8 different sizes
    - Torx attachments in 6 different sizes
- Pliers
- Needle nose pliers
- Flashlight
- Spare batteries
- Allen wrench
- Pointing stick

### Content of the garden wire
- Metal garden wire with 0.5 mm diameter and 40 m length

## Developers

Feel free to develop this ASKmod further, modify it or create your own ASKmod.
If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to [write us an issue](https://github.com/opencultureagency/ASKmod-Mechanical-Tool-Set/issues/new).

## Release Notes

- [v.1.0](#): BlackandDecker Roll + Garden wire

## Contributers

- [r0g Agency](https://openculture.agency/)
- Timm Wille
- [Bastian Menningen](https://www.bmen.cc)
- Martin Häuer
- [Steven Kovats](https://openculture.agency/)

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
